add rook ceph docs (#493)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/explanations/advanced-configuration.md

The `nebari-config.yaml` file can be split into several sections.

> The first section is the version of Nebari you wish to run. 

Author: This reformatting was done by the pre-commit hooks.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Shared Storage Configuration

Author: This is the only new section.  The rest is just reformatted by precommit.

> 

Author: accepted

Nebari includes shared file systems for the jupyterhub user storage, jupyterhub shared storage, and conda store shared storage. By default, NFS drives are used.

As of Nebari 2024.9.1, alpha support for [Ceph](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/) shared file systems as an alternative to NFS is available. The initial benefit of using Ceph is increased read/write performance compared to NFS, but further benefits are expected in future development. Ceph is a distributed storage system which has the potential to provide increased performance, high availability, data redundancy, storage consolidation, and scalability to Nebari.

:::danger
Do not switch from one storage type to another on an existing Nebari deployment. Any files in the user home directory and conda environments will be lost if you do so! On GCP, all node groups in the cluster will be destroyed and recreated. Only change the storage type prior to the initial deployment.
:::

> Storage is configuredin the nebari config file under the storage section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storage is configured in the nebari config file under the storage section.
```

```yaml
storage:
  type: nfs  # efs (default on AWS), cephfs
  conda_store: 200Gi
  shared_filesystem: 200Gi
```

> If using the "cephfs" storage type. The block storage backing all ceph storage will be provisioned using a kubernetes storage class. The default storage class will be used unless specified. Premium storage can be used on some cloud providers to back ceph storage for improved performance. The storage class name can be specified in the yaml file. Be aware that premium storage is not accessible on all node types on some cloud providers.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using the `cephfs` storage type option, the block storage underlying all Ceph storage will be provisioned through the same Kubernetes storage class. By default, Kubernetes will use the default storage class unless a specific one is provided. For enhanced performance, some cloud providers offer premium storage class options. 

You can specify the desired storage class under `storage.ceph` section in the configuration file.  Below are examples of potential storage class values for various cloud providers:

```

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="AWS" value="AWS" default="true">

Premium storage is not available on AWS.
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Azure" value="Azure">

```yaml

> ceph:
>   storage_class_name: managed-premium

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
storage:
  ...
  ceph:
    storage_class_name: managed-premium
```
This was not clear to me in the first glance, might be worth updating the other examples

Author: The change you've made doesn't work.  ceph is a top level key in nebari config file.

Author: I see that I had a wrong explanation.  I fixed it now.

```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="GCP" value="GCP">

```yaml
ceph:
  storage_class_name: premium-rwo
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="Existing" value="Existing">

```yaml
ceph:
  storage_class_name: some-cluster-storage-class
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="Local" value="Local">

Ceph is not supported on local deployments.
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::note
Premium storage might not be available for certain cloud providers on all node types, which can affect performance and availability. Make sure to check the documentation for your specific cloud provider to confirm premium storage options and their compatibility with your node types.
:::
```
